docs/02-html/04-methodologies/06-object/01-component.mdx, before:

---
title: Component
---

> Defines small scale modules as patterns for re-use.
> 
> This includes patterns commonly used such as button in the Bootstrap Component category.
> 
> Modules defined in this layer should have minimal styling. For example, try to avoid defining a set width or color.

FLOCSS recommends to separate by small units but we're allowing to make a big Component. Instead, **you must put into `Component` about the reuse layout of the website.**

About modifire, you should use SMACSS State pattern (`.is-` prefix).

You must use `.c-` prefix for Component.

## In case of small Component

```html
<button class="c-button">Button</button>
<button class="c-button is-primary">Primary button</button>
<button class="c-button is-secondary">Secondary button</button>
```

```scss
// scss/object/component/_button.scss
.c-button {
    // something style
    
    &.is-primary {
        // something style
    }
    &.is-secondary {
        // something style
    }
}
```

## In case of big Component

```html
<div class="c-contact-banner">
    <h2 class="c-contact-banner__head">Contact</h2>
    <div class="c-contact-banner__inner">
        <div class="c-contact-banner__tel">
            <p class="c-contact-banner__label">Phone</p>
            <a class="tel:0000000000" class="c-contact-banner__tel__anchor u-anchor-tel">000-000-0000</a>
        </div>
        <div class="c-contact-banner__form">
            <p class="c-contact-banner__label">Email</p>
            <a href="/contact/" class="c-contact-banner__form__button c-button">Contact form</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
```

```scss
// scss/object/component/_contact-banner.scss
.c-contact-banner {
    &__head {
    }
    &__inner {
    }
    &__label {
    }
    &__tel {
        &__anchor {
        }
    }
    &__form {
        &__button {
        }
    }
}
```

:::tip TIPS
This example Component has Utility (`.u-anchor-tel`) and another Component (`.c-button`), but you must NOT overwrite styles of those inside of `.c-contact-banner` Component. Please make Child Component (e.g. `.c-contact-banner__tel__anchor` and `.c-contact-banner__form__button`), then you can define the style of those elements.

Reference : [Don't include other component](/docs/html/methodologies/important/child)
:::

Commit message:

Prepared a document about Modifier and arranged a little

docs/02-html/04-methodologies/06-object/01-component.mdx, after:

---
title: Component
---

> Defines small scale modules as patterns for re-use.
>
> This includes patterns commonly used such as button in the Bootstrap Component category.
>
> Modules defined in this layer should have minimal styling. For example, try to avoid defining a set width or color.

FLOCSS recommends to separate by small units but we're allowing to make a big Component. Instead, **you must put into `Component` about the reuse layout of the website.**

You must use `.c-` prefix for Component.

About modifire, you should use SMACSS State pattern (`.is-` prefix).

:::tip TIPS
About modifier, please put like `&.is-modifier`, because modifier is represent a different state of component.

Reference : [Don't use single class for Modifier](../important/modifier)
:::

## In case of small Component

```html
<button class="c-button">Button</button>
<button class="c-button is-primary">Primary button</button>
<button class="c-button is-secondary">Secondary button</button>
```

```scss
// scss/object/component/_button.scss
.c-button {
    // something style

    &.is-primary {
        // something style
    }
    &.is-secondary {
        // something style
    }
}
```

## In case of big Component

```html
<div class="c-contact-banner">
    <h2 class="c-contact-banner__head">Contact</h2>
    <div class="c-contact-banner__inner">
        <div class="c-contact-banner__tel">
            <p class="c-contact-banner__label">Phone</p>
            <a class="tel:0000000000" class="c-contact-banner__tel__anchor u-anchor-tel">000-000-0000</a>
        </div>
        <div class="c-contact-banner__form">
            <p class="c-contact-banner__label">Email</p>
            <a href="/contact/" class="c-contact-banner__form__button c-button">Contact form</a>
        </div>
    </div>
</div>
```

```scss
// scss/object/component/_contact-banner.scss
.c-contact-banner {
    &__head {
    }
    &__inner {
    }
    &__label {
    }
    &__tel {
        &__anchor {
        }
    }
    &__form {
        &__button {
        }
    }
}
```

:::tip TIPS
This example Component has Utility (`.u-anchor-tel`) and another Component (`.c-button`), but you must NOT overwrite styles of those inside of `.c-contact-banner` Component. Please make Child Component (e.g. `.c-contact-banner__tel__anchor` and `.c-contact-banner__form__button`), then you can define the style of those elements.

Reference : [Don't include other component](/docs/html/methodologies/important/child)
:::
