docs/javascript/modal.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Modal

:::info

We didn't find best modal library yet...

:::

| Libary name | Image | Video | iframe | Design | Gallery | Zoom | Swipe | Last updated |
| --- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| [PhotoSwipe](https://photoswipe.com/) | ✅ | 🚫 | 🚫 | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/dimsemenov/photoswipe) |
| [SmartPhoto](https://appleple.github.io/SmartPhoto/) | ✅ | 🚫 | 🚫 | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/appleple/SmartPhoto) |
| [Modal Video](https://github.com/appleple/modal-video) | 🚫 | ✅ | 🚫 | ✅ | 🚫 | 🚫 | 🚫 | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/appleple/modal-video) |
| [Micromodal.js](https://micromodal.vercel.app/) | \*1 | \*1 | \*1 | 🚫 | 🚫 | 🚫 | 🚫 | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Ghosh/micromodal) |
| [Modaal](https://www.humaan.com/modaal/) | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | 🚫 | 🚫 | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/humaan/Modaal) |
| [Lity](https://sorgalla.com/lity/) | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | 🚫 | 🚫 | 🚫 | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/jsor/lity) |

\*1: Micromodal is able show custom HTML contents, so you can display any contents as modal

Commit message:

Updated JavaScript information and translated into Japanese

docs/javascript/modal.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Modal

:::info

For Modal libraries, we can recommend **"GLightbox"** to use.

:::

| Libary name | Image | Video | iframe | Design | Gallery | Zoom | Swipe | Last updated |
| --- | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-: | :-- |
| [GLightbox](https://biati-digital.github.io/glightbox/) | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/biati-digital/glightbox) |
| [PhotoSwipe](https://photoswipe.com/) | ✅ | 🚫 | 🚫 | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/dimsemenov/photoswipe) |
| [SmartPhoto](https://appleple.github.io/SmartPhoto/) | ✅ | 🚫 | 🚫 | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/appleple/SmartPhoto) |
| [Modal Video](https://github.com/appleple/modal-video) | 🚫 | ✅ | 🚫 | ✅ | 🚫 | 🚫 | 🚫 | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/appleple/modal-video) |
| [Micromodal.js](https://micromodal.vercel.app/) | \*1 | \*1 | \*1 | 🚫 | 🚫 | 🚫 | 🚫 | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Ghosh/micromodal) |
| [Modaal](https://www.humaan.com/modaal/) | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | 🚫 | 🚫 | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/humaan/Modaal) |
| [Lity](https://sorgalla.com/lity/) | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | ✅ | 🚫 | 🚫 | 🚫 | ![Last Updated](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/jsor/lity) |

\*1: Micromodal is able show custom HTML contents, so you can display any contents as modal
